"So, now we can bring in… I guess… the lady that keeps trying to ram my ass!",
"We were flamethrowering its space butt!  Doesn't that mean anything anymore!?",
"I was grabbing my own meat in the prison and they act like I was a criminal!  I guess we now know to only touch our meat outside.",
"If anything we gotta figure out a place to stuff our meat, because we've got waaay too much meat.",
"Also I find it bizarre I can just walk up and pick up one of those guys!",
"If you guys weren't ass to ass over there it'd make this a little bit easier!",
"The Shrek Kingdom?  No the Shek Kingdom, they're the horny people!",
"I could take a picture of my toilet if she wants me to.  I'll send it straight to her, and she'll like it.  She'll be like thank you, thank you for showing me your filthy disgusting toilet!",
"Yeah, you know what?  The cereal's gonna hafta wait, lets take a picture of my crapper!",
"For the most part we are defecating in public places!",
"I'll probably come see you when my freakish child comes out of you!",
"We kinda got distracted by the buttcrack gnome!",
"We had a beautiful date where we looked at the stars and clogged her toilet!",
"I'm a thousand years old and gonna go bang a teenager!",
"I was temporarily banned on Twitch because of cannibal tits!",
"There was a cannibal lady who had ample chesticles!",
"Who's going to get locked in the bathroom in the evac shelter?  You are!",
"It doesn't have to be exotic, as long as it's erotic.",
"I thought we just exploded a full condom of hot water all over our loot!",
"It takes longer to make condom water than you'd think…",
"Love me some elderly secretaries.  You know when you go out on a date and get the senior discount, I mean… it's wonderful.",
"For some reason they threw tiddies everywhere!",
"You go to the grocery store… tiddies!",
"People are like 'You're such a monster with your beak thing fisting tower' but whatever!",
"It was just like a straight fart from the bus stop to the doorway!",
"I keep some of my fluids in condoms, yeah.",
"It actually seems like a good use of toilet water.",
"I'm gonna drag this beer back to my house!",
"I'm drinking like I dunno… 10 to 15 beers a day.  About a meal or whatever I drink 5 beers!",
"Oh my god, go in the hole!  There we go!  For fucks sake, there's a hole there, you can use it!  I'll yell!  I'm here!  Don't just fuck up the back of it!",
"Let's go dump our load off in the shopping cart!",
"No no, you already got your butthole.  You already got your butthole, okay!  You got your butthole, thats all you're gonna get… at least for a little bit.",
"We're gonna hafta unload my shorts.  And then we have to stuff this in my pants!",
"I'm going to fart all over this asshole!",
"What was butthole again?  I don't even remember!",
"Putting on a vibrator might be tricky!",
"You block a lot of damage with your vibrator!",
"You can decide to go film a porno with a super mutant if you want to!",
"They are five times as thicc as a regular human!",
"Does he have a prostitute inside him!?  Is it like a chest burster or something!?",
"I keep shooting drug dealers and I keep hitting prostitutes!",
"I thought I was signing up for a porno and we're on the wrong thing!",
"I'm totally streaming right now wearing a purple wizard robe!",
"Oh no!  I'm gonna get blocked in the crapper by that guy!",
"Get stuck in an alley and let a fat guy vomit on me!",
"It's an immaculate donkey but it's a fucking donkey!",
"We're going to strategically yeet some of our troops in here unsupported in a line!",
"You know beating this game it kinda gives you that like, uh, gives you like an after poop glow!",
"We did all of that just so we could get punished by the rock titty women!",
"The fucking titty woman is blocking everything!",
"There's just boobs everywhere and then the scale is really impressive!",
"It's just like camping my shit ball!",
"You always stretch to jam dicks into everything!",
"Is this before we got pinball fascism?",
"Oh no!  It's getting fucked by dolphins!",
"She just constantly goes for my butt, just leave it alone!",
"It's probably the other Alf!… I don't need to be tag teamed by Alfs!  And everyone hates Alf because who wouldn't hate Alf!?",
"I really think it's Alf… Wait, which Alf!?… Is this the shifty Alf, or is that the shifty Alf!?",
"Brittany is invading through the entire Mediterranean, through the Red Sea, all the way around the Arabian peninsula!",
"Are you fucking kidding me?!  Are you abso-fucking-lutely kidding me!?  God you know how much work it was to create Pikachu!?  And now Pikachu is fucking dead!  Awww my god… goddamnit!",
"Now lets see if we can actually delay their charge for a little bit without being murdered…",
"I make this character and suddenly everyone isn't heterosexual anymore!?",
"We are looking for desperate and clingy!",
"I just haven't gotten abrowned to getting you again!",
"I thought my dong was going to run off!",
"I am not going to take an arrow to the face!\" and after a moment of silence \"I got javelined in the foreface!",
"Yeah it looks like we're uh… we're playing around in their rear a little bit now!",
"I think they'll already start deploying the automated re-pale!",
"There's a lot going on and what we're doing now is like training shoes for the real thing.",
"I haven't touched it in a long time!",
"If I'm not streaming, eating, sleeping, or doing whatever else… I'm yeah… It's… I'm playing Colonel Sanders.",
"HERE ARE SOME GOOD OLD GRANDMA TITTIES!",
"I imagine you don't put scalding hot coffee up your butt, but I don't know the logistics of this",
"I have a friend?  How the fuck did that happen?",
"Yeah, I'm a big mexican nationalist here, that's what I am about here.",
"I'm trying to recreate the Byzantine Empire for Reddit but I'm dummy thicc and the clap of my asscheeks keeps alerting the Turks!",
"That is the biggest dong I have ever had.  That is an enormous dong.  That is beautiful… Look at that thing!  Look at that thing!  It's… it's huge.  I've never seen it stretch!  I didn't even know it could stretch up all the way up here.",
"It's showing me the butt.  I can't resist!",
"Right when my dong gets huge, too.  It has to run off with the Japanese.",
"Okay, now we gotta decide how horny we get with this.",
"Well, we have a Beak Thing in our bed that we are fisting.",
"If it means I can somewhat safely fist this thing in perpetuity, why not?",
"I'm a chunky man.  I go for chunky exclusively.",
"Her butt hitbox was so large, we like accidentally fisted it!",
"Let me see if I can find a picture of Big Foot tits.",
"Yeah we're going to make a squad of kleptos to go around and ransack peoples bathrooms!",
"I'm some timeless ageless mix of Quentin Tarantino and Prometheus!",
"It sounds like someone is reaching into a bowl of mac and cheese and just… groping around!",
"I want to fist you with every fiber of my being you bald fuck.",
"I don't really care about romancing a, uh virtual asshole lady!",
"Work on that butt like it is a dark souls boss!",
"We don't need to fist this guy but it would be immense satisfaction.",
"Lets put a bandage in our nipple clamps.  That way if I need it later it's there.",
"You know, I don't go for dudes but this guy is talking about grilled salmon and I might be getting seduced.",
"I want to look like a babushka.  That is what I have wanted this whole time.",
"No pulling out for me, I have to do it the old fashioned way I guess!",
"I was just wondering if I could plow through like, 20 people.",
"Is that guy making the 'oof' noises?  Because we keep hearing 'oof' noises.",
"I know I just randomly discharged in the middle of this.",
"If you can have a conversation with something that's eating its children, it's probably pretty bad.",
"Okay, you guys fucked up the election; try it again.",
"If there is no loot in the cardboard boxes I guess I can stop lusting after them!",
"Im gonna hafta eat like 20 candy bars for that!  You just shot me in the face!",
"You better not be lying about your dick not working, I'm going to be furious if your dick does work.",
"C'mon tits lady, let's do this!  Oh wait, that's another tits lady.  There are a lot of tit women.",
"She showed up and said, 'Yo, I heard your dick don't work.'  That was her interaction with me!  And then she's like, 'Do you need a dong doctor?' and I said no!",
"We need to find someone to be beneath me!",
"When people are horny do they go 'Let's put titties on Cadorna?'",
"Banging 15 year olds?  Our stepmom needs to chill out here.",
"I guess the grandma three-way didn't work out!",
"We are a little bit stressed out so we should probably torture somebody!",
"Oh my god!  Is she related to toilet sex lady?  She is!",
"She didn't have gout before the toilet sex!",
"Sorry, 50 bucks or your kid stays in jail!",
"I'm like the swiss army knife of sucking.",
"I don't have a litany of butts as my background.",
"You put it in there and it'll just ejaculate hot fruit all over your microwave!",
"Oh shit, I owe you a kid!  I guess I gotta go bang my wife.",
"Can I get a theme song without the human traffickers?",
"It's nice sometimes just to see two assholes.",
"I'm just gonna be one of those people that like, doesn't read chat…\", laughs maniacally \",Lemme just like, crank up a fan in the background and uh, get a dog and a baby barking… and yes!  I said a baby barking!",
"I will be someone's bang-dingus abroad.",
"I'm gonna guess it's not cock and balls torture, but… y'know… whatever works for you!",
"I mean, sneaky fisting… It's done a lot for us.",
"I really wanna fist that guy, but I guess it wouldn't be appropriate.",
"I'm so scared, our dong is so vulnerable right now!",
"This run makes me nostalgic for dick pain.",
"If we didn't like dick pain, we wouldn't be playing Montenegro.",
"We are carrying around a dead body and a naked guy, so, you know, that might arouse some suspicions.",
"Oh, there's a naked lady in my house… wonderful!",
"Oh, did he die?  Oh good, no he's just unconscious from starving!",
"I forgot how many guys we had in cages here!",
"Please don't do that, it might blow up and ejaculate hot fruit all over your face.",
"Alright, let's see who's the next freak on the operating table here.",
"Does anyone know how to impale people on the spikes of Disney World?",
"If I had a MMO mouse I would accidentally be ordering pizzas and shit.",
"It just sounds better to throw a naked violent grandma lady in the front.",
"Alright let's get off the granny pregnancies guys!",
"We can't build ports and we can't build borts!",
"I'm just happy Prussia is a literal dumpster fire… that's nice, that's good.",
"But I like being a weird long stretchy long monster thing… that's long!",
"We could also get our own 'Drags your spine like it's a big dick behind you' guy.",
"It's like the diplomacy is being conducted by a series of loaded toddlers or something.",
"If you let your family get too big, it becomes a cousin-fucking fiesta.",
"I'm working in increments of hamster dicks.",
"I cannot advocate for butt-chugging pickle brine.",
"He's not even being fucked by the mouse trap, he's being fucked by the cheese.",
"I cannot condone ass-based cannibalism.",
"Just run into me and off yourself - it will be fantastic!",
"I could slap my genitals on the keyboard and they'd die.",
"It sounds like they are having a stroke when it is in German!",
"There's other kinds of Slavs in this Union -- you can Czech for yourself!",
"Come on, France you tricolored bitch!",
"Now we can start banging everyone like a screen door!",
"I'm not banging grandmas for fun… in this instance.",
"Unless you want to sit there and fap in the steppe.",
"We need someone who's gonna bang us like a screen door.",
"You know what greece can do?  Go fuck itself because it isn't getting anything!",
"This is how it should be!  The Free States of America and Mexico spit-roasting The Confederate States of America!",
"Sometimes the AI just wants to jam it up your butt.  It's the way it goes.",
"I pretty much end every game by shitting in the world's Cheerios.",
"All these liberal Russians are ruining Chile!",
"He can be the crab-nipple guy of the stream.",
"If the Japanese don't get there, we can just gas everybody!",
"They can take their Karl Marx body pillows and fuck off!",
"I wanted to get into that ass, but maybe that isn't the best ass to get into!",
"If I'm sitting there in court and finding about my weird, satanist, dwarf uncle that also wants to, I dunno, fuck me or something.",
"Our economy straight up sucks dick through a straw!",
"If I have to take a dick every so often, well, that's just the way she goes.",
"I was working Horrigan's crotch for like seriously half an hour!",
"You can't even get into power armor unless you have a top tier ass!",
